Pandas-Challenge Analysis:

The analysis predictably showed a wide range on student performance as regards passing the courses covered.  But the analysis also clearly showed
that schools with larger student population and district schools performed poorly when compared to charter schools and schools that were smaller in size

Most surprisingly, per student spending did not correlate to student performance at all.  In fact, a reverse correlation appeared to be the case with
schools possessing lower per student spending actually performing better than schools that spend more money per student on average.  This, to me, would
absolutely be THE seminal finding in the analysis as great attention is given to budgetary concerns as regards education.  This finding would at least 
suggest that perhaps greater performance is more likely to be found in other types of educational interventions.

Just for context, the top five schools in spending per student were district schools, while the bottom five in spending per student were charter schools.  
The top five schools in percentage of students passing both reading and math were charter schools while the bottom five in the same metric were district
schools. Size shares heavy comorbidity here as well with larger schools performing more poorly despite spending more per student in almost all cases,
while medium and small schools performed on par with each other both outdistancing their larger counterparts in student performance.  In
fact, it's not a stretch to conclude that size might be the determining factor with the reality being that smaller classes might yield better results
independent of spending being the central takeaway from the data.  Still, the performance of charter schools against district schools is a powerful 
determinitive factor as well.

A troubling finding could be found in the lack of any improvement in average reading and math scores throughout the years in school.  At each school, the
average performance of 9th graders did not differ at anything close to a meaningful level than students in any other year.  This would dispel the notion
that students were developing static skills that would enhance their ability to assimilate new material at a higher level than in years previous.  In short,
students do not appear to be developing into better students as they go through school.  There is no drop off of note, but no improvement either.  Only 8
of the 15 schools showed any improvement over the four years at all in terms of percentage passing, while fully 7 schools saw a decrease in passing percentage.
Moreover, the classification of charter or district was notable but hardly significant.  Only three of the top 5 schools that showed the most improvement
(still minimal) were charter schools, but four of the bottom five were district schools, though again, the drop off was not significant.  The lack of improvement
overall is the more telling trend.